chore: wip start of plugin migration md changes (#2183)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/dev-docs/migration/v4-to-v5/additional-resources/plugins-migration.md

## Front-end changes

- The Design System is upgraded to v2 in Strapi 5:
  - There are no big visual changes, except for [icons](https://design-system-git-main-strapijs.vercel.app/?path=/docs/foundations-icons-overview--docs).<br/>

>   - A migration guide will be [available](https://design-system-git-main-strapijs.vercel.app/?path=/docs/getting-started-migration-guides-v1-to-v2--docs).<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A migration guide is available [in the Design System documentation](https://design-system-git-main-strapijs.vercel.app/?path=/docs/getting-started-migration-guides-v1-to-v2--docs).<br/>
```
